DOCS-10513-login-failures (#135)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/audit-logging.adoc

* `Login` and `Logout` actions are logged only at the organization level.
* `Login failure` actions are logged only against existing user accounts.

> * `Login failure` actions are not logged if you are using SSO configured with LDAP or OIDC, including Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE) users.

Reviewer: ", including ... users." isn't quite parallel.

> * `Login failure` actions are not logged if you are using SSO configured with LDAP or OIDC, including Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE) users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Login failure` actions are not logged if you are using SSO configured with LDAP or OIDC, which includes login failures to Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition (Anypoint Platform PCE).
```
